# 9 Further Arrays

**to be committed by 7th April`**

1 Histogram   ${\color{blue}-- completed}$\
2 LL Bank Accounts ${\color{blue}-- completed}$\
3 Post Codes   ${\color{blue}-- completed}$\
4 Quiz Time  ${\color{green}-- completed}$

Please replace ${\color{green}-- todo}$ with ${\color{blue}-- completed}$ once done.

---

For each question in the exercise, please either display the output generated by running the program, or the answer if the task is a question.

1 -Enter numbers between 1 and 100 [-2 to quit]:
66
66
66
8
8
23
25
82
91
95
-2
1 - 10 | **
11 - 20 |
21 - 30 | **
31 - 40 |
41 - 50 |
51 - 60 |
61 - 70 | ***
71 - 80 |
81 - 90 | *
91 - 100 | **

Process finished with exit code 0

---

2 - Account created with account number: 1500
Account created with account number: 1500
Account created with account number: 1500

Account not found.

Account not found.


Account not found.

Account not found.


Interest added: 4120.0. New balance: 5120.0

Interest added: 824.0. New balance: 1024.0

Interest added: 10300.0. New balance: 12800.0


Account not found.

---

3 -Type names and postal codes:
Enter first name: linda
Enter last name: dike
Enter postal code: 27
Do you want type more data? (yes/no): yes
Enter first name: charles
Enter last name: Smith
Enter postal code: 98
Do you want type more data? (yes/no): no

List of Names and Post Codes:
linda dike: 27
charles Smith: 98

Process finished with exit code 0

---

4 - Question 1: Where is LeedsBeckett University located?
Your answer: leeds west yorkshire
Good!
Question 2: Computer Science is in which Campus ?
Your answer: headingley
Good!
Question 3: How many Generations of computer do we have?
Your answer: 5
Good!
Question 4: What is the the meaning of AI?
Your answer: artificial inteligence
Wrong. The answer is: artificial intelligence

Quiz finished!
Your score: 3/4

Process finished with exit code 0

---
